Which eye do you see that is not a window?
Not a window
I'll tell you what.
Today, half of the songs on the platform are sitting under the platform
Just to give this stage to the legendary singer
You're a worthless nonsense
What does it mean to come to this place with a good end?
Yeah, this guy's got to be nuts.
Chufan
You put gold on your face to prove yourself
Even the rules of the Golden Melody Awards are ignored
The stage of the masked singer
How can you, a waste, be defiled?
I defiled Chufan
I never thought you were such a person
For the anger in my heart
Disturb my world
Humiliating the song god again and again
Why haven't I seen you so kind before?
What about narrow-minded people?
We have known each other for so long
In your heart, I am such a person
But you don't have to be self-righteous.
I don't want to make trouble for you.
Stop pretending here
You think we don't know
Since your divorce
We see all your despicable tricks
I suggest you get out of here
Otherwise, no one can save you if you get into trouble later
Causing trouble
Don't think there is Chairperson Zhou
Without Yunzu, you can die if we protect you.
I'll tell you what.
There are dicks sitting under this stage today
My fans
I really haven't seen them in a long time
Stop pretending, I'll tell you.
Mr. Xu has already arranged everything
What time are you still pretending here?
Wait a minute, Van is here
See how you do it
Mr. Xu
It's time for this
You still believe his nonsense
Don't believe him, do you believe you?
I'll tell you what.
Mr. Xu has arranged everything
He will let Miss Jiang and Li Fan perform on stage together
Fully support Miss Jiang's career
And you, besides hugging Miss Jiang and eating and drinking
Useless
Who said nothing?